# Gabriel Brookman

## Education
- Third Year Computer Science Major at Carleton College
- GPA: 4.0 (Comp. Sci), 3.6 (Overall)
- CS Classes: Data Structures, Algorithms, Organization and Architecture, Quantum Computing, Computational Models of Cognition, Math of Computer Science
- Math Classes: Calculus Series, Linear Algebra, Applied Regression Analysis

## Research

### Sandia National Laboratories

- Intern from January-March 2018
- Performed image analysis to detect particles suspended in a matrix in experimentally generated images. Used ImageJ scripting.
- Fitted regressions on size, angles, and counts from data generated by image analysis (see above).
- Published in Journal of Applied Physics (DOI: 10.1063/1.5022471)

### Oak Ridge National Laboratories

- Intern from June-August 2018 with SULI
- Performed a literature review of convolutional neural network architectures and their application in satellite image segmentation for road detection
- Constructed a convolutional neural network in Keras to identify roads in satellite images. Had to compare several different architectures and implement lessons learned from the literature review. Finished with >95% accuracy.
- Wrote a 1,500 word research paper about my model (not published)

## Skills

### Programming Languages

- Python: I used this for almost every class and all of my past internships. I am experienced in the following libraries: Numpy, MatPlotLib, Keras.
- Lua: Used and use LOVE2D to hobby-code several games. Here is my favorite: github.com/Redless/neonjourney
- Java: Used Java in Data structures and a programming contest (ICPC) in 2017. Couldn't use it off the top of my head but would only need a small refresher

### Software tools

- LaTeX: I write almost every paper in LaTeX
- git/github: I use this for all of my hobby coding and internship projects
- Markdown: this is written in Markdown

### Misc

- Reading
